Update database-usage.mdx (#11964)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/platform/database-usage.mdx

## Database storage management

Supabase uses network-attached storage, which balances performance with scalability.

Your project will be changed to read-only mode once it reaches 95% of your database storage subscription quota, preventing further writes to your project.
In read-only mode, clients will encounter errors such as `cannot execute INSERT in a read-only transaction`.

Regular operation (read-write mode) is automatically re-enabled once database storage usage falls under 95%.

> If you are on Pro or Enterprise, database storage expands automatically. However, you may also encounter this error if you fill the database faster than it can expand. For every automatic database storage expansion, it will not auto expand for another 6 hours. If you intend to write a lot to your database that would require multiple storage expansions then [reach out to our team](https://app.supabase.com/support/new).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are on Pro or Enterprise, database storage expands automatically. Usually the disk is expanded to be 50% larger. However, you may also encounter this error if you fill the database faster than it can expand. For every automatic database storage expansion, it will not auto expand for another 6 hours. If you intend to import a lot of data into your database that would require multiple storage expansions then [reach out to our team](https://app.supabase.com/support/new).
```
